1. Which of the following methods do we use to find the best fit line for data in Linear Regression?
A) Least Square Error

2. Which of the following statement is true about outliers in linear regression?
A) Linear regression is sensitive to outliers 

3. A line falls from left to right if a slope is ______?
B) Negative

4. Which of the following will have symmetric relation between dependent variable and independent
variable?
 Correlation

5. Which of the following is the reason for over fitting condition?
C) Low bias and high variance

6. If output involves label then that model is called as:
B) Predictive modal

7. Lasso and Ridge regression techniques belong to _________?
D) Regularization
8. To overcome with imbalance dataset which technique can be used?
D) SMOTE

9. The AUC Receiver Operator Characteristic (AUCROC) curve is an evaluation metric for binary
classification problems. It uses _____ to make graph?
C) Sensitivity and Specificity 

10. In AUC Receiver Operator Characteristic (AUCROC) curve for the better model area under the
curve should be less.
B) False

11. Pick the feature extraction from below:
A) Construction bag of words from a email
B) Apply PCA to project high dimensional data
C) Removing stop words
D) Forward selection

All of the above are correct for feature selection.


12. Which of the following is true about Normal Equation used to compute the coefficient of the Linear
Regression?
A) We don’t have to choose the learning rate.
B) It becomes slow when number of features is very large.
C) We need to iterate.
D) It does not make use of dependent variable.
all of the above.

13. Explain the term regularization?
ans:- Regularization is a technique used for avoiding the overfitting of a model.

14. Which particular algorithms are used for regularization?
Ans:- The algorithms that are used for regularization are Lasso, ridge and dropout regression.

15. Explain the term error present in linear regression equation?
ans:- Error in linear regression model is the distance of the actual points from the best fit line.
Lesser the error better the prediction.