1. Bernoulli random variables take (only) the values 1 and 0.
a) True

2. Which of the following theorem states that the distribution 
of averages of iid variables, properly normalized, 
becomes that of a standard normal as the sample size increases?
a) Central Limit Theorem

3. Which of the following is incorrect with respect to use of Poisson distribution?
b) Modeling bounded count data

4. Point out the correct statement.
d) All of the mentioned

5. ______ random variables are used to model rates.
c) Poisson

6. Usually replacing the standard error by its estimated value does change the CLT.
b) False

7. Which of the following testing is concerned with making decisions using data?
b) Hypothesis

8.Normalized data are centered at______and have units equal to standard deviations of the original data.
a) 0

9. Which of the following statement is incorrect with respect to outliers?
c) Outliers cannot conform to the regression relationship

10. What do you understand by the term Normal Distribution?
Ans:- The normal distribution appears as a bell curve on graph.It is also called as Gaussian distribution.
A distribution should be normalized and its skewness should be reduced.
most of the data in normal distribution is near the mean.

11. How do you handle missing data? What imputation techniques do you recommend?
ans: We should delete the rows with missing values or impute the missing values with the mean or the median value.

12.What is A/B testing?
Ans :- It is also known as the split testing.here variables are randomized .

13. Is mean imputation of missing data acceptable practice?
Ans: Mean imputation is a good technique to remove the missing values with the mean value but it will bias the standard error.

14. What is linear regression in statistics?
Ans: Linear regression is the study of relationship between the dependent (target) variable and the independent variables.
The linear regression gives a best fit line that passes in such a way that the error is very less i.e. it passes through most of the points on a graph.
It is used for continuous variables.

15. What are the various branches of statistics?
ans:- The various branches of statistics are inferential statisticsand descriptive statistics.



